# WIKICLONE
#### Video Demo:  <URL HERE>
#### Description:
WIKICLONE is a rough copy of wikipedia that I performed in order to hone my skills in web-developement. It uses many of the concepts that were taught in the the final classes of CS50 which this project helped to solidfy into my memory. This has the basic functions of wikipedia which are searching, creating, and editing articles. In this clone, eveyone is allowed to edit articles such as they are in the original Wiki but only those with the permission can actually edit and save those changes as well as creating articles. You are also allowed to make accounts and just as wikipedia does, you do not need an email but can only recover the password via email.

Lets go over each file starting from top to bottom. First is static which contains all of the images that were implemented into the website along with the style.css file. The style.css file contains all the css used in the wiki to make it look the way it does by font, font-size, color, etc.

The next file is the templates file which contains a layout.html file that was used in the majority of the other files by extending it using jinja syntax to make things move alittle quicker and neater. The layout has links to bootstrap which was used very sparingly in order to actually learn how to use css and javascript as that was the major focus of this project. One dynamic conditional statement in the layout was to check if the user was loged in and if so it would change the "login" button to the "logout" button and vice vesa. It also checked for the users login to get their name and put in on the top of the nav-bar, just as wikipedia does. The two blocks included in this were a title block and a main block. The other html documents are login.html which allows a user to log and if they dont have an account there is button to go to the create account page which is called create.html. When logged in and wanting to become a contributor, if you click on the write article link it will take you to the login page but changed. The page will now request an email to send to me in order to determins wheter or not I would allow the person to become a contributor manually. Next we have contribute which allows to add an article title with a body of text. Article.html uses jinja to load in the article by having a variable for the title and body. These variables are aquired from flask using SQL which stored these articles. Articles.html is the page that uses the most java script in order to allow users to edit the page and save the text if they have the permission to do so.

Next file is app.py which contains all of the backend code to get all input from the user, make sure that the HTML is not tampered with, getting SQL data and checking if the user is loged in. App.py is supported by helpers.py which has a few functions that make sure the user is loged in when called and another function to get the users name if logged in. The last file in this is users.db which is the sqlite3 file that has a table called USERS and ARTICLE. The USERS tabe contains an id for each user, their username, hashed password, email if applicable and whether they have contributer permissions. The ARTICLE table has contains the title and the body.